When I was just a little baby boy,
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was
They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you
Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother,
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn!
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Bitch I'mma kill you!
Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap", but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th
Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in
Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece!
Twice? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leaving air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'm ready to go play
I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep egging me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talking to you
You hear me? Answer me!
Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Bitch I'mma kill you!
You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you..
I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
We should be together, too
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit's just clowning , dawg
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was it was you
Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me!
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'?
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now
I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
[Vocal scratches] My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational [vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"]
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me
I take seven (kids) from (Columbine)
Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
'Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
'Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH)
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez - and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine - what's my name?
You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here
Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking
You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leaning out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous
Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned
Passionate ass-whooping and getting your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screaming, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves "Clowns" 'cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all running your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D12, to beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suing for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talking about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
Uh, here – DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself
How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours
The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect the women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States Government has sworn to uphold
(Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) or so we're told...
I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me,
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs.
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me.
So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed,
In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays.
And straight through your radio waves it plays and plays,
'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days.
Who would've thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair
With some peroxide reaching for a T-shirt to wear,
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this?
I must've struck a chord, with somebody up in the office,
Cause Congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems,
And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government,
I'm lovin' it,
I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get
Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself,
If they were brown, Shady lose, Shady sits on the shelf,
But Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon, baby—ooh, baby!—look at my sales,
Let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that,
But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back,
Gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at,
When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white,
No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like
"Fuck it!" until I met Dre, the only one to look past,
Gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up Under his ass,
Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got,
Like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow,
I'm like my skin is just starting to work to my benefit now,
It's
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get
See the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise would've never knew these words exist
Whose moms probably would've never gave two squirts of piss,
'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence,
Straight out the tube right into your living rooms I came,
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre,
That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in,
And they connected with me too because I looked like them,
That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope,
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope
Waitin' to choke
Tightening around my throat,
Watching me while I write this,
Like I don't like this,
Nope,
All I hear is lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy,
Sponsors working 'round the clock to try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip-hop was never a problem
In Harlem
Only in Boston,
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom,
So now I'm catchin' the flak
From these activists when they raggin',
Actin' like I'm the first rapper
To smack a bitch, or say "faggot",
Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal,
The posterchild,
The motherfuckin' spokesman now for...
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get
So to the parents of America,
I am the Derringer aimed at little Erica
To attack her character,
The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of congress,
And piss on the lawns of the White House,
To burn the flag and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker
To spit liquor
In the faces of in this democracy of hypocrisy
ou 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back)
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear, fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee willikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!"
Look at all the bullshit that goes on
In Gotham when I'm gone
Time to get rid of these rap criminals
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
Flows too wet, nobody close to it
Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
The most hated on out of all those who say
They get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
They make it all up, there's no such thing
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin' and you know what for
The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all
To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon!
Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo
Two old friends, why panic? You already know
Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
You can even call collect, the most feared duet
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?
Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here
But we ain't fuckin' around round here
Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier
Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangster, 'til I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain
For weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'
Willin' to stick out my neck
For respect
If it meant life or death
Never live to regret what I said
When you're me
People just want to see
If it's true, if it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do
So they feel
it's part of your obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real
In confrontation
Ain't no conversation
If you feel you're in violation
Any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it
If you conceal it, reveal it
Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets
Pull it, squeeze it, 'til it's empty
Tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze
I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
I love pissin' you off
It gets me off
Like my lawyers, when the fuckin' judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off
I'm a lit fuse
Anything I do bitch, it's news
Pistol-whippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2"
Who needs bullets
as soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully
It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin'
You can hurt 'em
And come back again and kick dirt at 'em
It's like pourin' salt in the wounds
Assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room
Everybody halts and stops, and calls the cops
All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops
Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot
You'll all get shot whether it's your fault or not, 'cause
I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em
I'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it
You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it
Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped in two-inch
So ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock
Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again
Full of controversy
Until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty
And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, I'm a
I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'
I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?
Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...
(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...
(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...
Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter?
Could never be the lead-off batter
If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin'
But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smoking crack?
'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back
I'll get up 'fore I get down
Run myself in the ground, 'fore I put some wack shit out
I'm tryna smack this one out the park: five-thousand mark
Y'all steady tryna drown a shark
Ain't gon' do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whip-ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull a piece out
Fuck shooting, I'm just tryna knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch; let's see you freestyle!
Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap
Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap
This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hip-hop
With real life when the music stops
Til I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'm 'a stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm 'a stop sending
Them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxicillin is just not real enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.
Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'Cause you may never get it again.
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate, hit me.
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers.
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest.
There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, I got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed
Sunglasses with Elton John's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one at these Russians, and that's all
Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
It's like my mother always told me
Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana
and codeine and goddammit, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Than quit bringing my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why I'm so mean? If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fucking teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump N' Grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane
Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave
Screaming at the sky, 'til clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it, Parents are pissed, but the kids love it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause
I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act
Rubber-band man, yeah, he just snaps back
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together let's all form and swarm just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause no matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yeah, the wetter the better
They ain't gon' stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us, "No," we say, "Yeah," they tell us, "Stop," we say, "Go."
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gon' let 'em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, fuck Bush,
Until they bring our troops home
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the Oval Office
Someone's tryna tell us something,
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice and your strength, and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify it, times it, and multiply it by six...
Teen million people, all equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach Al-Qaeda through my speech
Let the President answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an AK-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes it's all lies
The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
'Cause I told you to fight.
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
And as we proceed,
To mosh through this desert storm,
And these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this weapon of mass destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do
Shady's the label
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs Buttersworth's syrup
It's the Mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was was his biggest fan, he used to be Superman
Now we're pouring liquor on the curb in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fucking show
Ready get set, let's go
Here comes the bucking bronco stomping and stampeding up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below, Geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm like O.J. he's like my Cochran today
We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes
In a safe, locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to god you was playing
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I could've told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Janean just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory Dirk Diggler
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks and a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I saying, allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the damn camera filming one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tilting the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fucking
When they were just musketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they could've sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Ga-Uh and then the come to find out it was Justin
Saying "I'm gonna come!"
And this was suppose to be
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)
So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken,
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock(?) bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences
If so to what extent
If at any should I go
'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other peoples' expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman, I killed Super--man
And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in
Then, of course, it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip-ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom
I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
'Til you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see
'Til you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment
Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright
And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad
Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You're truly the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.
I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic
One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex
You make me crazy,
The way we act
Like two maniacs in the sack
We fuck like two jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.
'Cause the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us?
We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love
What's that that's attracting us to each other?
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.
Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just 'cause I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.
But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.
Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devices
Out your purse: little vibrators and dildoes
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only twenty-four but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool,
Chilling you play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.
I wonder what's on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see the sign.
Or maybe you did
Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love
Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on you
You are the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense as I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do.
You provide me the lighter fluid
You're fuel to my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match and igniter.
The only way that I am able
To stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.
But I'm always gonna make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaina to my Hailie.
You are the word that I'm looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.
You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.
And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love
I've never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door waiting in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans
And some cum-wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door
Into St. Andrew's Hall
Now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank God I'm alive I gotta find Denaun
And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not, what the fuck oh my God it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it, it's too thin
If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop Dee
Follow Bizarre's path ran through it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his four-fifth
A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans
Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an "S" tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
Cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
Cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me wanna just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
Cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
Cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
Cause this time girl,
I'm telling you what,
You do it again I'm fucking you up,
No matter what
Once you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missing a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they're probably told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef,
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas,
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing,
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have something to do with that
They all trying to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinking god doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and, uh, operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-ering
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual
Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stomping, I been romping since Tim Dogg was hollering
In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed,
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling and I am not failing
You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm off running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening
No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'til I get a call that god's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me, no apologies
My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted, 'til my assassination,
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
44 mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then...
This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered,
He's able to spill raps long after his killed, that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning
So I'm warning you, don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin'
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', and you too, you can
You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holdin' on to the pill bottle then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, Dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again
Not again!
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
Sitting nude in my living room
It's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube
Maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin
Bust all over the wall paneling
Dismantlin' every candle
On top of the fireplace mantel and
Grab my flannel and my bandanna then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruisin' the skin
Razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases, that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules to
Me. What am I gon' do?
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
I cut and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half pint of the Jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was, I was havin' drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, "I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun."
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up... up
'Cause it's
3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom
My mom, my mom
I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day, I'd have at least three stomach aches
Now, tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fuckin'-chiever?
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for?"
"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping
What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for?
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers
Now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fucking face without even tasting it
You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it
Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fucking place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid"
My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on
'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom
My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh
Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually
What has ended up happening, a tragedy
The fucking past ended up catching me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
"Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it"
But I don't need it "Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom
I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"
"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw!
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong!
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along
Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me (oohh)
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying!?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see!
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"
Ohh, it's music to my ears
Oh man, how can I describe the way I feel?
Fuckin' great, man
Okay, let me see, how could I begin?
Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch
Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Cap'n Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch
Mariah, whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind
After such a nasty break up
With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin', I want her back you punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk
Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk
And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want
I mean I really want ya bad, you cunt
Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture
I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad
You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the miracle whip, a trickster
My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround
I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow, man
What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharmaceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama
I cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin' ya Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy
You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucka born
Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck
On a shucka corn
Shucka, shucka corn, shucka corn
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on
Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower
With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad
In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles
Is what they said, to the two conjoined twins
"How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend?"
You need some ointment, just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip
I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get goin', how bad does the goin' get?
Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with
Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip
I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit
And attempt to separate 'em, and stitch them back at the loins, shit
Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips, ahoy chip
Cookie looky, even took me a Polaroid
I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by
The whole rapper thing, aren't ya?
Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
The police constantly bugging you, non-stop
I walk up on ya, "Well, hello Tonya"
I think you got your onstar button inside your car stuck
You out of gas? Do you got a flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat
I got your back
Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back
And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap
You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap
In broad day, and no mask for this attack
I heard 'em say exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back
Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance
The first victim I had, she was a big one
Big movie star, a party girl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son
Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun
How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt
But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her
With 66 inches of extension cord
My second victim was even bigger than the first
Pop star, icon, the whole works
She played a little schoolgirl when she first
Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me, it made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or
Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk?
We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk
Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just
Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like "Hello, my love"
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you
Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value
C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke
And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot
Now, show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do
I said nice rectum
I had a vasectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya
I tantalize ya in less than five seconds I get ya
They say once bitten and twice shy
Well lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities
Why yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser
That's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester
Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester
Perform the home abortion with Dexter
Then I guess I'll dig her fetus out
With a wire hanger then digest her
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends
All my West Side bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough
So you better change the station to keep from throwing up
Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kidding?
I'll pee on Rihanna
See man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
Crazy-gluing Madonna
To the La-Z-Boy sofa
Fold her in two then sit on her
Imagine a visual for that man
Who would've thought I could ever be such a relentless prick
Unleashing his vengeance
But the chick's so old
She looks like she outlived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive
It wouldn't be
You're so sensitive
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand
Here you need a hand, big man, grab hold of this branch
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault
His name rhymes with so many different words
So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please
Eminem I'm coming to kill you
Always hated you and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes
My Superman costume
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you
You're taking this shit too far
Who d'you think you are?
Hang my suit up in the armoire
Every day I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Let's break-dance if you think you're hardcore
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December
I see my target, put my car in park and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you might've
Heard of me before, see whore
You're the kind of girl that I'd assault and rape
Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella
Then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild
But I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian, yeah
Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll disintegrate them babies
As soon as they're out her with formaldehyde and cyanide
Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder
No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of
Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh
Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull
My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's making me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry
She's naked, see, no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient, see, I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me?
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front, see
So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep
"Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me?"
"He's raping me," she tries to scream
"Somebody please get him off me
He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny"
She's scraping me, she's fighting me
She's scratching like some dumb freak
Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty
Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing
To quite a different drum beat
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake
Better try to stay wide awake
Or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep
Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take
Pray for light of day right away
Why do they try to fight today?
I must make them pay twice as much
Might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower?
Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets
How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya
Must've just heard the sound of my stomach
Growling from down there
Prowler, there's no one fouler
Bound ya, that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub, I drown ya
With piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba the Hutt, beddy-bye-bye
Beddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water
Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand
There's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt?
There's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking 'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's coming in from the back
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe comes with six-pack with Exacto
Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, not what you thought, so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still
I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama
And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama
Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know
Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper
Location of the woods
Where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
And which model, which lake they found her in
How they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one
Which knife and which gun, hat kid, what wife, and which nun
Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a Linn Drum
Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos high
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything I ain't even drinking
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate
Start off with the NyQuil like I think I'll just have a taste
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face... "Mommy, something is wrong with dad, I think.
He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me.
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me.
And all he does is eat dorritos and cheetos.
And he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat."
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold.
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like déjà vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know.
Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year
And that fucker still talks to me he is all I can fucking hear
Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game it's the cowboys and buccaneers.
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time
Who's that mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind
To have another half of glass of wine sound asinine
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch, look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball
Shit must have knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I?
Man fuck am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache
Shit half a Vicodin, why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off, please, stand by"
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold,
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like déjà vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know
So I take a vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ah
A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun didn't die
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use
There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later full blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take 3 naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see
That's an Ambien each nap how many Valium? Three.
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep
OK, so now you see the reason how come he
Has taken four years just to put out an album beat
See me and you we almost had the same outcome heath
Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing
It was Bologna was it the methadone ya think
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
Your VCR tape cases with you Ambient CR great places to hide ain't it
So you can lie to Hallie
I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah
Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy,
NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be, it can't be
Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed,
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.
Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay.
Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to,
Get it? Headed off to (haha)
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco
Better watch out, sucka now I gotcha where I want ya
Onslaught, comin and I'm packin in my lunch up
Bunch of, missile launchers and a bunch of contra-
-band, van full of ganja, now come on jump
Man stop, mashin Marshall on my gotcha
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quadra-
-plegic, boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the buddah do to me what it's done
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips son
So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks
"Mister, help me" 's what he said to me and then sunk
Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Always, you can see him lurkin in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place
Hide 'em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin
You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within
Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummagin
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want to skin
Been, on the hunt again; when, will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you tryin to fight? You will never win
Severin, legs, arms, damn there goes another limb
Pull the lever then, trapdoor, death is evident
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill
Fuckin whore you better fuckin hold still
Make sure none of that, lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em and just keep to stuffin those girls
Man I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her then I'll wait, I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin told you!
I keep hearin voices like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her while you put ya shish-kabob skewers
Into her, barbecue her or would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?
[as Yoda] "In a world of sin you are, this is turnin into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are!"
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah, who ya think you're fuckin with; duck because here he comes again
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touché me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa-that-a-fucking-daisy
That's a no-no even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cuckoo, bananas, fucking A B
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's 'cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brain's all haunted 'cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I ought to just be honest but
Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert, and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both faggots
all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason, slash, Leatherface, and
Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away
somebody please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him
Homie, I'm the Scheiße, ask Doctor Dreizehn
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No, not a-now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it
I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Thinking 'bout an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down fucker (baa), try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mace in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fucking-A even got a bidet
to wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
The shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator
You hear the beat as it makes you not wanna go to sleep.
I knock on Dakota's door. It's locked so I go to creep
'Round the back with binoculars: not 'cause I wanna peep
But because I'm hungry. She smells like Tacos I wanna eat.
Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet.
With sugar plums.
Oh, look, here comes Marshall! He's on your street!
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet.
Now walk on 'em.
He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek.
Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham,
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam.
Flavor my favorite Graham crackers with JonBenét Rams'.
I guess a modern-day Jack The Ripper is all that I am.
So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?
I almost look comatose.
Who wants to be sober gross?
I foam like a Doberman. Mouth open.
I overdose.
Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes and I plug my nose.
My pupils quadruple in size. Eyes are so bugged. I know.
I put on my mother's make-up, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around.
I think I'm down to a hundred pounds.
There's thunder.
I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out.
The devil's upset with his wife.
They must be sluggin' it out.
I must be buggin' the fuck out,
But what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic. I love my house.
They pull and they tug my blouse.
The sound of a music box comes from inside a toy chest.
But what do I do? It's locked.
I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts.
I dig 'til I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts.
It's playing a song so beautiful, and the room is dark.
The moon is full. I smell a funeral. Guess I'll loom in the park.
My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So when you call, I come, I will answer.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?
I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's neck like a Pixy Stix.
The sick Satan-worshippin'
Bitches get horse-whippings.
I'm in the back.
Through the back door slipping through the crack
Leavin' the corpse drippin'.
The mortician of love sent from above.
Forced entry. The more wenchy the more stingy I become.
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb.
Am I dreamin'? Is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns.
The time has come to tie her up.
Gotta roll me the ladder.
I've had enough of the chatter.
Climb up to the window, look at her.
Then climb in slow to shatter
Her brain matter
And batter
Her with the bat.
A matter of fact that will splatter her.
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her.
Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like "Tabitha,
I'm your secret admirer. I'm back to ravish you.
So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula."
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her.
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her.
Zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera.
Stand back 'cause here comes your man Jack. So, Pamela...
My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So, when you call, I come, I will answer.
'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a bigger stage
They came to see you spit your game
But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice you remain
Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again
So, god damn... is it that time again already
Ha-ha, you don't look too happy to see me
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right, fuck y'all then
You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts
Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy
And my nuts, licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny!
Shorty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on, 'cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddha, light a bong
But take a look at Mariah
Next time I inspire you to write a song, c'mon
Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy-footing, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you must've mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (Shady ease up!)
Man chill, nah I can't god dammit
Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake, urine in your face
'Cause you're fake, ah what the fuck, that hurt wait!
Ah what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit, god I give up
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said
How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, 'til then I drop the fucking bombs
Like I miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so
I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was going through growin' pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins
On the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself
He was spitting and I wasn't
Anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me
And I knew it but Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth popping another pill tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason?
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying
Your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talking to the wall though
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talking to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not an egomaniac that's not his motto
He's not a desperado he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled
Inside him, one foot on the brake one on the throttle
Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot of McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough
It isn't them it's you you fuckin' baby
Quit worrying about what they do and do shady
I'm fucking going crazy
So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around
It's different them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out
I've come to make it up to you now, no more fucking around
I've got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I've let em down
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't
Yesterday my dog died, I hog-tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said, "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog
I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song, look
This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I ain't playing
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying,
"Vietnam vet," I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yelling at air
I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair
Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles
Brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real
Lose your tooth and nails
Try to fight it, try to deny it
Stupid you will feel
What I do, I do at will
Shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my death bed
Screaming, "F that!" yeah super ill
Baby what the deal
We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal
Fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
Listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fucking drill
How you douchebags feel knowing you're disposable?
Summer's Eve Massengill
Shady's got the mass appeal
Baby crank the shit
'Cause it's your goddamn jam
You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
Well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man
Get it? Calm Batman.
Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts
Lines are like mom's CAT scans
'Cause they fucking go bananas
Honey I applaud that ass
Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
Ma, show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah
Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox in the drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
People hit the floors
Yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse, I'mma hit you broads
With Chris's force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue motherfucker
You ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
Laying on your kitchen floor
In other words I'm off the meat rack
Bring the beat back
Bring in two extension cords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
Fuck my dick's big bitch
Need I remind you
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
You're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
Need a fix up I'm the big shot
Get it dick-snots?
You're just small pokes little pricks
Girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter
Better call the cops on him quick fast
Shady's right back on your bitch ass
White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
Does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup 'til he burps
And smoke purp?
Does a word search get circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
Or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
Psych I'm spiking you like a football
Been this way since I've stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Gimme good brain
Watch the wood grain,
Don't want no cum stain
Bitch, you listening? Tryna turn me down
Slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up
Are you insane tryna talk over me in the car
Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'
I'mma shit stain on the underwear of life
What's the saying? Where there's thunder there's lightning
And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times
In three different locations
On four separate occasions?
And you can bet your stinking ass
That I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road took the psycho path
Poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
So hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone
Shake your booty shorty I'm the shit
Why you think Proof used to call me Doody?
Man first of all I'm a boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come and get him
If you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him?
'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get amped, dance!

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get outta bed
'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa!"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul
And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
Now whether you're black, white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
'Cause girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five-seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, y'all?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly,
Feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining,
But life keeps on complicating, and I'm debating
On leaving this world this evening,
even my girls can see I'm grievin',
I try and hide it,
But I can't. Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty,
When inside I'm dying.
I am finally realizing I need help.
Can't do it myself. Too weak. Two weeks I've been having ups and downs,
Going through peaks and valleys,
Dilly-dallying 'round with the idea of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection. I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors.
I can't stand what I look like, yeah. I look fat, but what do I care?
Only thing I fear is Hailie,
I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her.
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon.
Yeah, dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills?
And you falling off with your skills?
And your own fans are laughin' at you?
It become a problem. You're too pussy to tackle, get up.
Be a man, stand. A real man would've had this shit handled.
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed.
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust.
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that.
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first.
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse.
Now I'm popping Vics, Percs and Methadone pills.
"Yeah, Em, tight verse. You killed it."
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men.
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it.
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend. So, fuck it, I guess then
My friends can't understand this new me.
That's understandable, man, but think how bananas you'd be.
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you. What you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse
to be at a all-time low.
I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD
Of the first tour. The last tour he was still alive.
And it hurts. So, I fast forward. Sleepin' pills will make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night,
I'll just take a couple more. Yeah, you're motherfuckin' right.
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma. Yeah, homie, come on dole 'em out.
"Daddy, don't you die on me. Daddy, better hold your ground."
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice?
Yeah, baby hold me down.
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'mma be bulletproof.
I'mma do it just for Proof. I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through?
I think about the things I would've never got to say to you.
I'd never get to make it right. So, here's what I came to do.
Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina, too.
I still love your mother, that'll never change.
Think about her every day. We just could never get it together.
Hey, wish there was a better way for me to say it,
But I swear on everything: I'd do anything for her on any day.
There are just too many things to explain.
When it rains, guess it pours. Yes, it does.
Wish there wasn't any pain,
But I can't pretend there ain't.
I ain't placin' any blame,
I ain't pointin' fingers. Heaven knows I've never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history.
And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say
"I miss you" subconsciously. Wish it didn't end this way,
But I just had to get away. Don't know why.
I don't know what else to say.
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'mma do something I do it
I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe
Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your feelings
Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact let's be honest
That last "Relapse" CD was "ehh"
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
'Cause I ain't playing around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!
And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now!
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand-new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I've been through the wringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I wanna promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova.
I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you
So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this
And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
I'mma take control of this relationship
Command it, and I'mma be the boss of you now goddammit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid?
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
How's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate but it's
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
'Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side?
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time?
You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh,
Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
It's ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted
To the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drawn in so I guess I'm a mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time I
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list
I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling,
I'm right back on 'em, with the
I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now, it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as the breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?
I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April, I'mma make you learn
To appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the "huggy bear" and all the "kissy face", please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of Jäger, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you why I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you?
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture.
I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's so organic
You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'mma hang a sign up
Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now, it's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it
"Wait! Where you going?"
"I'm leaving you!"
"No you ain't. Come back"
We're running right back
Here we go again
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snap
"Who's that dude?"
"I don't even know his name"
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah, them chills used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over
It controls you both
So they say it's best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you'd show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routines
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby, please come back
It wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'mma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
In your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautéed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MCs get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo,
Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me)
While he's trying to roll a snowball,
But don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me)
Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
As a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out [*fart*] "Ohp, what?"
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because...
And now that I got your panties in a bunch
And your bowels in an uproar
I'mma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more,
Bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
Comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass
And your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
Well, I've never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying, "I will once I bury this bitch alive.
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshiped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew (sic), knit wit
Thought some time had past and I'd forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
May be gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The 'cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is fulla' saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential–I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we're in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh God, police! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least
New plan Stan
Slim, "chauvinist pig drove in this big, Lincoln town car!"
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged
Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished
"I am your lack of a conscience"
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult, batter
But the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a façade and
Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them,
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call you
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away
I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact then don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers' left off
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffing at authority, defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad
So I am non-compliant at home, at school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve them
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker
'Cause he said that I eyeballed him
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit
Bothers me but not my father, he said Sayonara then split
But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'
They're kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryna escape through my comics,
Why don't I just blast a little something like onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic, and my conquest
Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch, I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall.
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity brat
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?
I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...
If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."
Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be upbeat, when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama
These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer.
I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice ya'll, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs, freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfuckin', difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's OK to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "insert insult here"
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me
For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see, but it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Hit the lottery, oh wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winning a used mink
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think.
Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders.
No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.)
Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo
I think it went wandering off down yonder
And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD's conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the monster.
Call me crazy but I have this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
MCs, blood get spilled and I'll
Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the monster.
Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though
Oh well, this is my life so
As I go and try to close for the night's show
See how far that line goes
Still blows my mind show
Business guess I'll just never get
So this shit just always feels so weird
To this day because all I ever did
Was just say the shit I wouldve wanted to hear
Other people say to me when I was a kid
So please don't make me some type of hero
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way
But still will have a field day with some of the
Fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck the dick
Cause I still make fun of a sit.
Someone's in like a son of a bitch
At another's expense, I'm fuckin' relentless
As fuck when it comes to this pen
I struggle with coming to my senses
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
The most foulish childish things without even blinking
Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening
But now it's, lay me down to sleeping
Is it really my soul to keep or
Have I sold it cheap is it greed
Do I take more than I need
When I joke about leavin'
But keep over achievin'
Because what's stolen from me barely broke even
So I notice how I paint myself
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain
I want my respect but ignore the
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect
And my reflection shows what it's like here
Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights yeah
It's like a nightmare
I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
And I don't like how I see myself so I
Open the Bible to Isaiah cause
I swear to Christ there are nights where
I stay up at night just to say a prayer twice
Just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer
Ice skate on the nice way
Puting it but I like staying
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
I got a nice pair of dice here
Sealed off in my lair
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
From in this house it's quite bare, but it ain't when you can't leave it
And I feel so isolated, nice I made it
But it's like I payed the price of fame twice I hate it
So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it
Then I wonder why I stay famous
Keep walkin' the line
This gold fish poke gets old
But especially when you don't know
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so
You don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
Or if you sold your soul
And from here you look so small
Hovering high above us all
Please come back, to me

I still remember the times when
They were, simpler than the rhymes of
Vanilla Ice were, when I was just killin' the mics
I'll never forget what that feeling was like I,
Miss those times now when I was just starting out
Without a dime and, now I'm diamond
Can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been
Stuck in this house hibernatin'
Hate even going outside it
Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin'
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it
Look how excited, I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and
Everything about it I miss
Which now reminds me
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz
Wow, I must have had Alzheimers
Long time since I shouted them out, bout time
Cause it's been on my mind lately how
Zee you always supported me
You vouched, I will never forget that and
How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace
I love you too, you slept on my couch
And I been thinkin' bout the time I slept on the floor at the outhouse
Rhyming is all we ever wanted to do
And regardless how life has turned out
Inside I'll always be an outsider
My life has been turned inside out but I
He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand
So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care
Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Suzanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am a liar.
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue
Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew
And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Always the bridesmaid, never “The bride, hey!”
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe
That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child?
We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye
Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight
So much baggage, need a luggage rack
But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds
Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you
Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth
Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you
Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone
It was funny back in our youth
But then it wasn't after we knew
That we were done and actually through (and actually through)
But if there's one fraction of truth
If it could be spun back I would do
So many things different (things different)
'Cause it was such a dumbass excuse
You hit me once and that I would use
To continue the pattern of abuse
Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I'm confused
You were the beat I loved with a writer's block
The line that's hot, that I forgot
We laughed a little, cried a lot
I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie
Day before you went to jail and daily
How we'd wait for that mail lady
Or by the phone for Mom to call
And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on
Givin' it one more try despite it all
You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark
I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box
When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot
Every line we crossed we were supposed to not
Every time we fought, the insults, they got… thrown too far
Words that we said that we didn't mean
The words that we meant that we didn't say
The ones that we thought that we shoulda said
Letters written that we coulda read
Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead
And had this put to bed
But I'd be lyin' still if I said I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself
We brought out the worst in each other
Someone had to make the sparring end
'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me
And I don't wanna see that side again
But I'm sorry, Kim
More than you could ever comprehend
Leavin' you was fuckin' harder than
Sawing off a fuckin' body limb
Once upon a time where all we had
Maybe that's what drew us
To each other, it was true love
Shit, we never knew was possible
We might have loved each other too much
And maybe that's what made us do what
We did to each other, all the screw-ups
'Cause you always thought that you was
More in love with me
And I was thinkin' I was more in love than you was
For all the times that we thought it worked
'Til we saw how wrong we were
When the dust settles now and all the dirt
If I touch the rawest nerve
All I want is for us not to hurt
And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words
But I just heard "Mockingbird"
And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts
The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds
I've caused a few and so have you
Or argue whose fault it was
Partly yours, partly mine, but really no one's
This is so tough, I'm gettin' choked up
Oh fuck it, we both suck
We broke up, got back together
We both thought we had forever
Not bad people, just bad together
We were so nuts, backstabbed each other
Another blow struck, but there's no duckin' this blow
'Cause it's over and it's closure
But I'm not so sure how to close this
I just don't know how some people can be so good
At one thing and so fucked at a whole nother
Shit, it's no wonder
Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking
And envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells
I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals
But when murdering females
Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed
Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail
If you get scratched because your DNA'll
Be all up under her fingernails
Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares
He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears
Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware
Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs
She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare
Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly
I said "I'm here to do sink repairs."
Chop her up, put her body parts
In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there
But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed
Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong
Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on
Donald Duck's on, there's a Tonka Truck in the yard
But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car?
Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it
Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon me
Plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde
Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond
Second murder with no recollection of it
Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it
Memory's too fucked to remember, destructive temper
Cut my public defender's jugular then stuck him up in a blender
Another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably
'Cause the disassembled body
Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly
I'm wanted for questioning
Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me
But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed
Still on the loose, they
Spotted me inside McDonald's Tuesday
In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate
With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher
Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase
Just escaped from the state pen
For [edited] eight women who hate men
Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked
When I break in your basement
Under your baby's play pen, I lay in, wait adjacent
Facin' the door, remainin' patient while stayin' complacent
Blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown
Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems
Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home
You'll get the hint, ho: I'm in your window
But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene
In a verse and be charged with first degree
'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly
With the massacre or the Burger King burglary
I feel sorry for this beat.
Sympathy pains for this track.
This road is taking me back
Down memory lane with this rap.
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback.
I'm simply stating a fact:
I had Wembley Stadium packed.
But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast.
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up. Alas.
We perish in the blast,
But that isn't scaring us.
We pass nowhere, we're fearless
Fuck doing what you're told.
Act like a two-year old.
Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow anyways.
For MCs it's a funeral
When I'm devising this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning.
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me.
Gusto, guts, bravado.
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot.
I must have got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothing although
There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow.
But if at times my heart it seems like it's in the wrong place.
It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve.
Keanu Reeves. Speed of life.
Avoid or veer or just steer toward it.
We're only looking forward, but
Where we're going. We have no idea.
Nowhere to go but hysterical.
It's getting warm in here. I set the world on fire.
Was born to be an arsonist.
Just one spark and it's lit,
But I'mma still get dark on this shit.
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch.
War machine? But you've forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have something for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe.
Go to war with me you'll end up blew to Timbuktu.
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruining your career.
But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run
I just rewind clocks.
Make time stop.
Will I ever fall off? That day'll never come
'Til the pine box. Bitch, fuck you!
I'm better than I ever was.
'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed,
It's already fucked and I'm on top.
You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon
I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you
I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy
That's all that matters for the time being
But obviously assuming you will be
Just thinking ahead, I’ma make it if it kills me
Let’s see how far I can take it with this music
I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion
Sorry for sloppy writing
The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me
Dad’s a little nervous, but at the same time excited
If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write them
With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm
As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm
Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl
For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl
Welcome to Mom and Dad’s crazy world
Love, Daddy, maple flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup
You got your momma's personality, same eyes as I got
Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are
Sorry for that, a little minor mishap
But you'll grow into them, baby, I'm on the grind now
I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters at studios
While I'm tryna keep the lights on
Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far?
I just keep steering, I'ma turn into someone
I haven't the slightest clue what I'ma do if it falls through
You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon
My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes
They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too
Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh
I think I might have just stumbled onto something new
Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you
Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true
Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain
A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame
I've said your name but always tried to hide your face
This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang
I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it
You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?!
Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public
I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it
I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it
Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote
As a goodbye note, 'cause your dad's at the end of his rope
I'm sliding down a slippery slope
Anyways sweetie, I better go
Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch
I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent?
Oh, critiquin' my talent?
Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y'all are
To give a sub-par bar, even have an opinion or view
You mention me, millions of views, attention in news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give shit reviews
To get clicks, but, bitch, you just lit the fuse
Don't get misconstrued, business as us'
Shit-list renewed so get shit to do
Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get what the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' t-to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Probably no
Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi yo, adios
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin', it just ain't for me
All I am simply is just an MC
Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea
Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit
Preferably shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath
Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (evil, but spelled)
Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick
Stick it in a vice grip, hang it on a spike fence
Bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch
Like vice-president Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip
These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine-tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ, man, how many times is someone gonna fuck on my bitch?
Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough
Nah, turn the valium up!
'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut
Now, when it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at
I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks
You'll turn around and just be like, "Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks?
And now he wants to take it out on us"
But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy
Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooh-ooh)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me
So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae'
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
I'm fed up with being humble
And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard bumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that I'm from will pummel you
That's what it's comin' to
What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it?
I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two
And dump on you if you ain't Joyner
If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean then you're a goner
I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper
You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's
But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals should have been auto-tuned
And you would have bought it
But sayin' I no longer got it
'Cause you missed a lot and never caught it
'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest
Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom
If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
I don't see why y'all even started with me
I get in beefs, my enemies die
I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased
I'm east side, never be caught slippin'
Now you see why I don't sleep
Not even a wink, I don't blink
I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats
I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze
So finger-bang, Pootie Tang
Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway
Doesn't matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah)
Invite them in like a one a day
I'm not done (preach)
'Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'Cause the way I see people turning's
Is makin' it seem worthless
It's startin' to defeat the purpose
I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshiped
But if I could go back I'd at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent
Sold the dream to that he's deserted
But I think it's workin'
These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
And he's too scurred to answer me with words
'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least he's heard it
'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him
Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists
I said, only when it comes to ink and lyricists
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up…)
I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
Can get a mouthful of flesh
And, yes, I mean eating a penis
'Cause they been pannin' my album to death
So I been givin' the media fingers
Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh
But they been puttin' me through the ringer
So, I ain't ironin' shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleaners
I'm somewhat outlandish they say
You say we're cut from the same cloth
But I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints
Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin'
At anything that may stand in they way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my CAT scan that day (yeah!)
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray
I'm turning back to a madman, can't take
Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage
My basal ganglia's an A to the K
Get your ass sprayed like bidets
Breakin' your legs eight different ways, aim for the waist
You chumps don't even know how to do somethin'
To give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat
If you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain
Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell
The bar for me what I rap isn't fair but
Guess that's the standard I'm held to
But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are
Looked at as a failure (yeah)
Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper
So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (what?)
Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (haha)
Wait, what was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know there's people that are pissed about the way I mispronounced a name, "DIE ANTWOORD!"
Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget
Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs
To let ya girl get fucked by Muggs
I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (woo!)
This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to
Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book!
No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window
Somebody better child-proof it
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit
You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit
I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot
That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop
So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's-not… gonna ever
I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop
'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre
h yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (what?)
Is you're one dimension
I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah)
Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft
I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag
Bet you I come back twice as bad (uh)
Revival didn't go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that, I'm finna hit back
'Til I run out of gun powder and split the scene
Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine
Trigger me and Slim gets mean (prr!)
Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes
That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!)
Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee
You ain't harmin' a thing
I hit a dame as hard as I'm gonna swing
I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band
You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali
 done said a lotta things in my day, I admit it
This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys, but I sold my soul to get 'em
Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition
Fuck's the difference?
I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules
Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose
I've been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full
I just ate, licked the plate, my buffet, lucky me
I got a couple of mansions
Still I don't have any manners
You got a couple of ghost writers
But to these kids it don't actually matter
They're askin' me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?"
I said, "I don't have any answers."
'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album
It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers
And actually comin' from humble beginnings
I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say, "What a wonderful feeling!"
"We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling!"
But nothin' is feeling like anyone has any fuckin' ability
To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me
The inability to pen humility
Ha-ta-ta ba-ta-ta, why don't we make a bunch of
Fuckin' songs about nothin' and mumble 'em?
Fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up
Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
About the ones that were here before you that made rap
Let's recap, way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks
ADAT's, where the G Raps and Kanes at?
We need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back
'Cause half of these rappers have brain damage
All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad
But in fact, where the old me at? The same cat
That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that
But I think it's inevitable
They know what button to press or what lever to pull
To get me to snap though (Lil' bitch)
And if I pay it attention I'm prob'ly makin' it bigger
But you've been takin' ya digs in the fuckin' back, ho (Get it?)
On the brink, any minute got me thinkin' of finishin'
Everything with acetaminophen and reapin' the benefits
I'm asleep at the wheel again
As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent
Of another beat I'ma kill again
'Cause even if I gotta end up eatin' a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin
It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram
And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again
Levels to this shit, I got an elevator
You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy I made, I never cater
Motherfucker, now I got a right to be this way
I got spite inside my DNA
But I wrote 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ayy
It's the moment y'all been waitin' for
Like California wishin' rain to pour
In that drought, y'all been prayin' for
My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw
Still the same Marshall, that outlaw
That they say as a writer might've fell off
I'm back on that bull like the cowboy
It's 2002, everything was totally new
We were globally huge, watching sales go through the roof
We wrote and we feuded, Runyon Avenue soldiers included
A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse
We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth
Thought we was running shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe
The death of Doody broke us in two
We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
And at the time I was going through my own struggles too
So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through
Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
I was hoping they do, so I ain't have to shoulder the crew
The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew
How to stand on their own, and I don't wanna open up wounds
I just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth
'Cause the truth is, the moment that Proof died, so did the group
It was never the same, and it's bothered me since
And the farther we drift apart, the more awkward it gets
The more time goes by, the more life happens
And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
Plus we don't say how we feel
And I feel like this is what got us in the debacle we're in
Been with you guys thick and thin
But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
Which reminded me Biz, "Rockstar" was the shit
Y'all coulda got you a hit without me on the shit
If you woulda put D12 on it, wish I coulda did
More than try talking you into coming up off of it
I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
I think of all of the trips to BET
And the rappers I wish that we woulda politicked with
Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
But that's water under the bridge
But I'm washing my sins in it 'til my conscience is cleansed
Bacardi and Hen', never thought the party would end
One minute you're bodying shit, but then your audience splits
You can already sense the climate is starting to shift
To these kids you no longer exist
Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch
To tiny drops, little drips
And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
You start thinking of all the artists you dissed
All the carnage you left, is this the kind of karma you get
For turning your fucking back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift?
A Freudian slip, subconsciously, I honestly wished
I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none
I just wish I had words, but I guess there just are none for this
To my partners, I can't say how sorry I am
This is not how I planned for our story to end
I love all of you men
But I just can't be the guy everybody depends
On for entire careers 'cause that's not even fair
I will always be here, but that spark isn't there
And I don't know how to recapture that time and that era
I've tried hearkening back to, but I'm fighting for air
I'm barely charting myself
Feels like I'm on the descent, but it was not my intent
To treat y'all like a stepping stone
Though I ain't left no one behind, but we been down every road
Done all we possibly can, I know we kept our hopes up
But the longer we spend living this lie that we live
The less is left for closure, so let's let this go
It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over
You say you're affiliated with murderers, killas (ayy!)
The people you run with are thuggin' (gang!)
But you just a wannabe gunna (gang!)
Like you was gonna do somethin'
Actin' like you catchin' bodies (ayy!)
And you got juice, lil youngin, you buggin'
You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery
Bitch, you ain't plugged in to nothin'
Rap God spit lyrical bullets (pew!)
And gats cock, your partners better tool up
This has not to do with muscular
But have guns for sure, you better put a
Strap on, other words if you're gonna
Roll up with your (gang!) you're gon' need a arsenal
'Cause this bar is over your head
So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrrt!)
Oh, you run the streets, huh?
Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
This little cock-sucker, he must be feelin' himself
He wants to keep up his tough demeanour
So he does a feature, decides to team up with N9na
But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne
If you wanna come at me with a sub, Machine Gun
And I'm talkin' to you
But you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly
I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss
But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie
I keep on telling you motherfuckers
But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories
Jarred like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly
I respond rarely, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off
Like a fuckin' cocked semi-Glock demi-god
Let me put a fuckin' silencer on this little
Non-threatening blond fairy cornball takin' shots at me
You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rock Steady Crew
Obviously, I'm not gettin' through
We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, lettin' off like Remy Ma
Heavy artillery, Godzilla, harsh with a hard shell
With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarre's belly
Only time you'll ever say I lost
You'll be talkin' 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy
Just to try to get me off, and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick
Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city
Punk, you don't disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy
Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me
That I'll be the most hated, though made it
So that there's no shame, it's okay to own it
'Cause life is a bitch, she's a bow-legged ho
But now those days are over
I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open
My code name is groper, I role play with lotion
I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan
Old lederhosen with home-made explosives
I blow eighty holes in you
Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and
I'm insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman
I'm throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole
As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin'
I double-edge sword it 'cause one place I poke and
I stick and I turn in a rotating motion
Invincible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals
Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal
I'm fuckin' these syllables, I let 'em lick on my genitals
I'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick
A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable
That you bitches fuckin' with, the original
I consider me and Nickel identical, but not us
The only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck
Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other
None come close to skunk, bug, soldier
Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older
Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster
Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster
Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster!
Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre
In that first marijuana tape—guess I got a chronic case (yeah)
And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face
I know this time Paul and Dre
They won't tell me what not to say (nope)
And though me and my party days
Have all pretty much parted ways
You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid"
One last time for Charlamagne
If my response is late, it's just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, they're mockin' Jay
Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake
Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate, I call it "Walk on Water" gate
I've had as much as I can tolerate
I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You wanted Shady? You got him!
Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body bag get zipped
The closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches
And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted
Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly
Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
Lackin' with it, "he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit"
Ho, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up
Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
Hopin' that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, "Hold your head up!"—Kathy Griffin
Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition
This is how I shot ahead (pew)—Gabby Giffords
My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business
Tyler create nothin', I see why you called yourself a (faggot), bitch
It's not just 'cause you lack attention
It's because you worship D12's balls, you're sack-religious
If you're gonna critique me
You better at least be as good or better
Get Earl the Hooded Sweater
Whatever his name is to help you put together
Some words, more than just two letters
The fans waited for this moment like that feature
When I stole the show
Just remember, I was here before you
And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you
Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine
Increase the dose, from least to most
And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves
They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show
Every parasite needs a host (haha)
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word of
Everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah)
And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer
A beacon of hope, put a b-i-r-d in the air
Somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care
But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket
How I'm buryin' these artists
On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
And what's scary is you probably can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started (woo)
And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or I'll show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home
I belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture
I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the
Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan
-------